Which statements about Algorithm Selection is false?
The4 select() method of oml.automl.AlgorithmSelection only returns the name of the best algorithm for the modeling problem

Examine the output:
image: insert.jpg
INSERT

Which Oracle Cloud Services is not compatible with Oracle Machine Learning?
Integration Cloud Service

Which component is NOT contained in a workspace?
Data Flow

Which output format clears all previous SQLFORMAT settings and returns to the default output?
DEFAULT

Select all true about Supervised Machine Learning algorithm? (Select three answers)
It includes two major process Classification and Regression
It involves direct supervision of the operation
It’s spoon-fed version of machine learning

It is possible to create a notebook from a Personal Template in Oracle Machine Learning (True/False)?
True

Examine the output:
image: xml.jpeg
What is the output format used in the output?
XML

You are tasked with building a predictive model that can estimate the price of houses, based on attributes like number of rooms, square-footage (size), location, neighbourhood attributes, year built among others. Which three algorithms can you use to produce such a model with Oracle Machine Learning?
Once-Class SVM, Generalized Linear Model (regression) explicit semantic analysis

Which role can access the User Management interface?
Administrator

An optimal model for one modeling problem will work best for all modeling problems (True/False)?
False

Which output format is not supported by the SET SQLFORMAT command?
TXT

Which statement is false for unsupervised Machine Learning algorithm?
Incoming data is labelled based on past data sample

Examine the output:
IMAGE: json.jpg
What is the output format used in the output?
JSON

Which one is not a part of templates available in Oracle Machine Learning?
Fixed Templates

Which Zeppelin form allows you to select multiple selection of inputs?
Check Box Form

Which four actions would typically be performed during the data preparation step for analyzing data with Oracle Machine Learning?
Performing feature engineering, such as creating derived variables
Data collection from various sources
Missing value replacement
Binning of numeric data

What is the URL length of AutoML model?
Maximum 200 characters

Notebook Technologies support the Creation of scripts while supporting?
All of them: Approaches, documentation of assumptions, rationale to increase data science team productivity

A SQL script can be exported from SQL Scratchpad (True/False)?
True

Which two objects are created by Oracle Machine Learning Service automatically?
Project
Workspace

Which SQL statement is available in Autonomous Data Warehouse?
NONE of the options: ALTER TABLESPACE, ALTER PROFILE, CREATE TABLESPACE

You can access and manipulate data tables and views through? (Select three answers)
OML4R
OML4SQL
OML4PY

Which step is not required to be performed by an administrator when adding a new user to Oracle Machine Learning (OML) Notebooks?
Provide the user with ADB client wallet for remote credentials

In Oracle Machine Learning, Multi users can open the same notebooks simultaneously, however changes made by one user are not immediately updated for the other team members (True/False)?
False

Which statement is false for unsupervised Machine Learning algorithm?
Incoming data is labelled based on past data sample

What is the default Row Render Limit?
1,000

Examine the output:
image: loader.jpeg
What is the output format used in the output?
LOADER

To run a SQL script in SQL Scratchpad, which interpreter is mandatory in the first line?
%sql

Which output format supported by the SET SQLFORMAT command produces pipe-delimited output?
LOADER

Examine the output:
image: html.jpg
What is the output format used in the output?
HTML

Which three types of permissions can be granted to a user to collaborate and access a workspace in Oracle Machine Learning Notebooks?
Manager, Developer, Viewer

Oracle Machine Learning supports all machine learning algorithms (True/False)?
True

Which output format produces the INSERT statements that could be used to recreate the rows In a table?
None of them: XML, JSON, DELIMITED

A user can own multiple projects in a workspace (True/False)?
True

Which two statements are true about Classification algorithms?
They assign cases to target categories
They require known outcomes to guide the learning process

What is the syntax of a checkbox form?
${checkbox:formName=defaultValue1|defaultValue2...,option1|options2..}

Which statement is false?
You can perform data exploration and visualization only by OAC

A user can own only single workspace (True/False)?
False

Which output format produces pipe delimited output with string values enclosed in double quotes?
LOADER

Which three components are used by Oracle Analytics Cloud?
Zeppelin Server
OML User Administrator
OML Application

When comparing between Descriptive analysis and predictive analysis, which two statements are wrong?
Descriptive analysis results are not accurate
The process in predictive analysis involves Data Aggregation and Data Mining

When scheduling a job, which notebooks are available for selection?
Notebooks shared by others users
Notebooks opened by the user

What is the maximum number of characters you can have in a job name?
128 Bytes

Which output format resizes the columns to the width of the data to save space?
ANSICONSOLE

Which information is not included in Example template page?
Creation Date

You have developed a notebook in an Autonomous Database (ADB) and you need to share the notebook with your colleague to run on a different ADB instance.

How should you enable your colleague to work with this notebook?
Export the notebook in json format and have your colleague import this notebook

In which three use cases are Oracle Machine Learning algorithms suitable?
Customer segmentation
Medical Outcome Analysis
Graph Analytics

Which Key feature is not a part of Oracle Machine Learning Notebooks?
Monitor Database

Which format on autonomous database user can access data stored in OCI object storage?
All of them: Parquet, ORC, AVRO, CSV



































