Which statement is false for Oracle Machine Learning Templates?
archive selected templates

Which is a FALSE statement regarding Oracle Machine Learning (OML)?
OML offerings need a separate data visualization tool for creating visualization

Which is not a part of job frequency?
Year

Oracle Machine Learning are preferred for which five approaches?
Robot control
Computer Vision
Speech recognition and NLP
Medical outcome analysis
Computational Biology

Which one is not a part of SQL script scratchpad features?
Tabular explain plan only

Which output format command can be executed without the format name?
Default

Which one is a container for storing your notebook and other objects
Project

Examine the output:
image: loader.jpeg
What is the output format used in the output?
Loader

Which three interpreters are available in scratchpad?
%python, %script, %sql

Which Apache Zeppelin dynamic forms are supported by Oracle Machine Learning? (Select three answers)
Select form
Check box form
Text input form

Which page is not available for Admin user?
Scratchpads

Which are two objects are automatically created by the Oracle Machine Learning service when you log in to Oracle Machine Learning for the first time?
Workspace
Project

What is the syntax of an enter form?
${formName}

In which page you can modify the Row Render Limit?
Connection Group

What is the version format of AutoML model?
xx.xx where x is number

You can set the order for Interpreter binding for the notebook (True/False)?
True

Which tasks are only related to Administrator?
All of them

Which initialization parameters can be modified?
All of them

You need to press lock and edit to modify the template (True/False)?
False

Which tasks can you perform for Jobs? (Select four answers)
Edit, Delete, Stop, Duplicate

Which output format produces fixed width columns with all data enclosed in double-quotes?
Fixed

Which connection details are existing on Compute Resources page? (Select four answers)
Port, Host, Comment, Name

How can you create a new Workspace?
From new project window

Which task is not related to Developer?
Reassign user workspace

Which one is not valid task for versions of a notebook?
Edit the version

Which steps that Oracle AutoML Pipeline comprises of?
Algorithm selection, Adaptive sampling, Hyperparameter tuning, Feature Selection


Which one is not types of templates in The Oracle Machine Learning?
Catalog Templates

From which Machine Learning page you can create a new user?
Manage OML Users

Administrator can be able to create a new user, notebooks and jobs (True/False)?
False

Which output format allows you to manually define the delimiter string and the characters that are enclosed in the string values?
DELIMITED

Which output format allows you to manually define the delimiter string and the characters that are enclosed in the string values?
Project

Examine the output:
image: default.jpg
What is the output format used in the output?
DEFAULT

Which Zeppelin form contains a range of values?
Select form

Developer can change his own password (True/False)?
True

Which Oracle options are Restricted and removed from Oracle Machine Learning?
All of them: Oracle OLAP, Oracle R Capabilities, Oracle Database Vault, Oracle Spatial and Graph, Oracle Advanced Analytic s, Oracle Industry Data models

Examine the output:
image: delimited.jpg
What is the output format used in the output?
DELIMITED

Which commands are redistricted in Oracle Machine Learning?
All of them: Create Table Space, Drop Table Space, Alter Profile, Alter Table Space, Create Database link

Which information is not required when you are creating a new Oracle Machine Learning user?
Comment

When managing Machine Learning models using the OML AutoML UI, what are the three actions that can be performed on Oracle MachineLearning (OML) models from within OML AutoML UI?
Review the model statistics associated with the experiment of an OML in-database model, Review the model statistics associated with the experiment of an ONNX-format model, Create a notebook with auto-generated OML4Py code from an OML in-database model to allow for further model tweaking and batchscoring

The Oracle Machine Learning Templates UI enables you to collaborate with other users by?
All of them: Publishing the work as reports, Sharing work, Creating notebooks from templates

Examine the output:
image: fixed.jpg
What is the output format used in the output?
FIXED